docs: Add AWS Lambda deployment option (#433)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/deployment/pages/aws-lambda.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$attributes.adoc[]

> = Deploy Cerbos with AWS Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Deploy Cerbos to Serverless/FaaS environments
== AWS Lambda
```

> Please refer to the (https://github.com/cerbos/cerbos-aws-lambda) repository to build a special Docker image that can be used to run Cerbos on AWS Lambda.
> The image contains an AWS Lambda runtime and the Cerbos binary.
> 
> The repository also contains an example of AWS Lambda function based on this image. The function also creates an AWS API Gateway endpoint to communicate with Cerbos server over HTTP protocol.
> 
> NOTE: The Cerbos server running on AWS Lambda does not provide Admin API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy Cerbos to AWS Lambda by building a special container image that includes the Lambda runtime and the Cerbos binary. See https://github.com/cerbos/cerbos-aws-lambda for an example. The repository also contains an example of an AWS Lambda function that creates an AWS API Gateway endpoint to communicate with Cerbos over the HTTP protocol.
```
